an image of a long, tattered page on the ground that says:

"""
Descriptions

The words "play and "game" and "video game" and "videogame" are used in connection with so many different experiences that we would never be able to arrive at any kind of mutual understanding of what this book is about if we didn't take some time to describe terms.

Games

For me, the concept of games embraces those activities we know most clearly to be games—football, cat's cradle, gin rummy, peek-a-boo. These are clearly games.

I consider a game to be something that provides us with a common goal, the achievement of which has no bearing on anything that is outside the game.

I think of games as social fictions, performances, like works of art, which exist only as long as they are continuously created.

What connects games with reality is that they are lifelike. What separates them is that they are not for real. What unites them with the totality of experience is not just their metaphorical quality but the manner in which they are played.

Play

Play is the enactment of anything that is not for real. Play is intended to be without consequence. We can play fight, and nobody gets hurt. We can play, in fact, with anything—ideas, emotions, challenges, principles. We can play with fear, getting as close as possible to sheer terror, without ever being really afraid. We can play with being other than we are—being famous, being mean, being a role, being a world.

When we are playing, we are only playing. We do not mean anything else by it.

Video Games

For me, the concept of video games embraces those activities we know most clearly to be video games—Counter Strike, Street Fighter, Pong, Fifa, League of Legends. These are clearly video games.

I consider a video game to be something that encodes a common goal into the physics of the world. The achievement of which has no bearing on anything outside the game.

I think of these encoded goals as social fictions. Performances, like works of art, that exist, which exist only as long as they're continuously created.

Videogames

Videogames are when we recognize encoded goals as nonfiction. Videogames are intended to be without consequence.

In videogames we can jump, and nobody gets hurt. We can play videogames, in fact, with anything—our hands, our feet, a branch, a leaf, our imaginations.

I think of videogames as a physics. Not Physics, but a single physics, a collection of things that are True in the videogame. I might play a game, or another game, or another another game, in a videogame. We might even consider playing the videogame to be the act of creating and changing and destroying those games. We might also just jump.
"""
